Copy edits across several pages (#766)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/overview/release-notes/changes-in-timescaledb-2.md

products like [Promscale](https://github.com/timescale/promscale), 2.0 is a major
milestone and introduces the first multi-node, petabyte-scale relational database
for time-series. In addition to multi-node capabilities, this release includes new

> features—and improvements to existing ones—focused on giving users more flexibility,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features, and improvements to existing ones, focused on giving you more flexibility,
```

em-dashes are technically correct, but I'd prefer to avoid them, especially for parenthetical statements. I would prefer to avoid the parenthesis, or use commas.

>  control over their data, and the ability to customize behavior to suit their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 control over your data, and the ability to customize behavior to suit your needs.
```

Second person, always.

To facilitate many of the improvements in [TimescaleDB 2.0](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb/releases/2.0.0),
 several existing APIs and function definitions have been modified which may require updates to your existing code.

Most notably, the following API and PostgreSQL compatibility changes may impact
existing code using these interfaces. If your workloads use any of the features,

> this document covers each in detail to help you understand what—if any—action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this document covers each in detail to help you understand what action
```

Once you have read through this guide and understand the impact that upgrading to the latest
 version may have on your existing application and infrastructure, please follow our
 [upgrade to TimescaleDB 2.0](/how-to-guides/update-timescaledb/update-timescaledb-2/)
  documentation. There you can find instructions and recommendations to ensure

>   everything is updated and works correctly.

Reviewer: Stick to the "for more information, see" contruction for this kind of thing.

For example, in TimescaleDB 2.0 we've separated the automation of _refreshing_ continuous aggregate
data from the core functionality, giving users the option to manually refresh the data and, if
desired, add automation via a policy. This also makes this feature consistent with TimescaleDB's

> other policy-driven features—such as retention, reordering, and compression—which offer both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other policy-driven features such as retention, reordering, and compression, which offer both
```

> manual control and automation via policies. We have also opened up our jobs scheduling framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manual control and automation using policies. We have also opened up our jobs scheduling framework
```

I know via isn't technically a Latin abbreviation, but it's close enough that it makes me twitch. It also is extremely imprecise in definition, you can usually pick a more precise word, like "through", or "using", etc.

> to enable user-defined actions (custom background jobs that users can define themselves).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to enable user-defined actions. User-defined actions are custom background jobs that you can define yourself.
```

Try to avoid parenths if you can, and also make sure we're not referring to third-person users.

### New functions for size information

Information views no longer display size information about hypertables and other

> objects. Instead size information is available through a set of functions that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
objects. Instead, size information is available through a set of functions that
```

all return the size in number of bytes. Removing size information makes the
views faster since the information is often read dynamically from disk, or, in
the case of distributed hypertables, read across a network.

> Size functions are also split into basic and detailed ones. Basic functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Size functions are also split into basic and detailed. Basic functions
```

*   [`hypertable_index_size(index)`](/api/:currentVersion:/hypertable/hypertable_index_size): Returns the
aggregate number of bytes corresponding to a hypertable index across all chunks.
*   [`approximate_row_count(relation)`](/api/:currentVersion:/hyperfunctions/approximate_row_count/):  The function

> has been renamed from `hypertable_approximate_row_count`. It can now also be called on non-hypertables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has been renamed from `hypertable_approximate_row_count`. It can now also be called on regular SQL tables.
```

## Continuous aggregates [](caggs)

Major changes have been made to continuous aggregates in TimescaleDB 2.0 to better clarify this feature.

First, continuous aggregates have always been more closely aligned with materialized views in PostgreSQL. Therefore,
creating a continuous aggregate now uses `CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW`, rather than `CREATE VIEW`.

Second, the continuous aggregate API now separates the explicit mechanism for updating a continuous aggregate from

> the policy that automates the process of keeping a continuous aggregate up-to-date.  This change both

Author: ```suggestion
the policy that automates the process of keeping a continuous aggregate up-to-date. This change both
```

### Understanding continuous aggregate policies [](cagg-policies)

It is worth noting the way that `start_offset` and `end_offset` work as new data arrives and is added to the source hypertables.

> The above example sets the refresh interval as between four weeks and two hours

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example sets the refresh interval between four weeks and two hours
```

> ago (`start_offset` and `end_offset` respectively). Therefore, if any late data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ago (using `start_offset` and `end_offset`). Therefore, if any late data
```

> arrives with timestamps within the last four weeks and is backfilled into the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arrives with timestamps within the last four weeks that is backfilled into the
```

> source hypertable, then the continuous aggregate view is updated with this old

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source hypertable, the continuous aggregate view is updated with the old
```
